# BikeChain Web App

Django web application and API for remote 4G bike communication written at HackTM 2022.

Url for preview (may be down after the competition ends): https://hacktm.mindhive.ro

# The pitch
Get around the city using free public transportation, while getting rewards! What does this mean? Public transport decreases traffic and emmissions caused by traveling by car without doubt. Still, many people use cars alone in the city. We propose adding an additional incentive to using free public bikes to get around the city: earning rewards from the green energy generated by pedalling. 

This helps reduce the traffic, and emmissions problem


The bikes store the energy you generate by pedalling on a small battery inside the bike. After you leave the bike at another station, the bike will calculate how much energy you generated, and add Bike tokens into your account on the platform. In the future, the bikes could have a level of difficulty you could select (based on how much you want to generate), and an e-bike mode, in which you could also spend the tokens you have to not have to pedal (using the stored energy).


# About features:
The homepage allows the user to scan the QR code of the bike they want to get from their phone, and start a trip with it (a base station holding the bike can listen to the trip request, and release it in the future). 
[Website preview](/Extra/site1.png)

The app then follows the path taken by the biker, and may show in the future relative speed, or how many coins they obtain at the current pace. When the user arrives at the destination, they click on end trip to be able to leave the bike (with a base station, the app would wait after ending the trip, for the base station to state that the bike is connected and locked, before letting the user leave).
[Website preview maps](/Extra/site2.png)

The administration section shows the current bike secret keys used for identification, and the current QR codes. The QR codes are dynamically generated after each trip. This section has the purpose of demonstrating how when produced, the bikes would be assigned a secret key that is stored by the platform, and embedded once onto the phisical bike hardware, for identification purposes.
[Website preview admin page](/Extra/site3.png)
